feat(website): updated content guidance (#503)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/content/get-support.mdx

- It’s very rarely appropriate to make jokes or be coy when delivering bad news &mdash; don’t.
- Inform and reassure. If the user needs to complete an additional step, adding "please" shows empathy.

## Get content support

### Content office hours &mdash; sign-up only

_Content office hourse are on Tuesdays @ 10am (PT) / 11am (MT)_

[Use the sign up sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KEMjmBdW9Q_dubGxMERP9qU9De3dMKjSsUgSwM1NBBM/edit#gid=0) to register for a slot before the session starts.

> If there are no sign-ups and hour before the start time, the session may be cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no sign-ups an hour before the start time, the session may be cancelled.
```

### Content Support Request

> [Submit a Content Support Request](http://tiny.cc/csrf2020) to receive asynchronous or 121 support from Caroline, UX Writer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Submit a Content Support Request](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc34Q209XNWLg8LZvQ_f_aiKFHm90mS7hhQ4kZBQUOi_4LVmg/viewform) to receive support from Caroline, UX Writer.
```

Consider simplifying this. Also, removed the tiny url referrer.

- **Asynchronous feedback** focused on your priority areas to help you make your content more effective.
- **Working session (30-60mins)** to discuss specific challenges or tackle tricky feedback.

#### How requests are handled

- Requests are reviewed, prioritized, and scheduled.
- You'll be notified when you can expect feedback or a 121 session.
- You'll receive constructive feedback asynchronously (as comments or notes onthe work you've linked to), or be invited to a 121 session.

> - For 121 sessions, please submit the content you need help with and _highlight specific areas for focus_. This makes the sessions more efficient.

Reviewer: What is 121?
